Remove upgrade method with jq (#182)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/maintenance/handling-network-upgrades.md

### Applying the Patch

> ***NOTICE: There used to be instructions here to upgrade using `jq`. However,

Reviewer: you can use the `:::warning`

format instead of doing `***`

since JQ has a [bug](https://github.com/stedolan/jq/issues/369) where it does

> not format number correctly, this method no longer works. We will be posting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not handle very large integers correctly, this method no longer works. We will be posting
```

> instructions about how to patch the genesis document soon.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions about how to patch the genesis document during upgrades until 
we have a better solution.***
```

### Applying the Patch

::: warning NOTICE
There used to be instructions here to upgrade using `jq`. However, since JQ has
a [bug](https://github.com/stedolan/jq/issues/369) where it does not handle very
large integers correctly, this method no longer works. We will be posting

> instructions about how to patch the genesis document during upgrades until we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instructions about how to manually patch the genesis document during upgrades until we
```
